check style (#173)
devrev/fern-api-docs: style/sample-common.mdx

# DataDog Snap-in

> This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with Devrev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing RevOrg incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organisation to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with DevRev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing workspace incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organization to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.
```

> This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with Devrev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing RevOrg incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organisation to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with DevRev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing workspace incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organization to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.
```

> This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with Devrev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing RevOrg incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organisation to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with DevRev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing workspace incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organization to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.
```

> This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with Devrev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing RevOrg incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organisation to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.

Author: ```suggestion
This integration links Datadog's monitoring system with DevRev's incident management, simplifying the process of managing workspace incidents triggered by Datadog alerts. It automatically generates new incidents and updates existing incidents in DevRev using data from Datadog, allowing your organization to address issues efficiently without manual tracking.
```

> ### System Features

Author: ```suggestion
### System features
```

> ### System Features

Author: ```suggestion
### System features
```

> ### System Features

Author: ```suggestion
### System features
```

> ### System Features

Author: ```suggestion
### System features
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: Built-in workflow optimization minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-Time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: Built-in workflow optimization minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-Time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: Built-in workflow optimization minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-Time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: Built-in workflow optimization minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the DevRev marketplace and install the Datadog snap-in.
```

> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the DevRev marketplace and install the Datadog snap-in.
2. Select your workspace for installation, then confirm your selection and deploy the snap-in.
3. In the DevRev app, configure the connection by navigating to Settings > Snap-ins > Connections.
    1. Search for an existing connection or create a new one.
    2. Select Datadog from the dropdown list.
    3. Enter a connection name and provide your Datadog API key, application key, and environment (prod/dev).
```

2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
**Connections** on top.
    - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
    **+ Connection**.

>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure the integration
```

>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure the integration
```

    - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application

>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to Snap-ins > All snap-ins > Datadog > Configure.
```

>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to Snap-ins > All snap-ins > Datadog > Configure.
2. Select your previously created connection from the Connections tab.
3. Configure the required default settings, including owner, part, and severity value for incidents.
4. Set up the desired stage mapping between Datadog and DevRev.
5. Save your configuration and click Install.
6. Copy the webhook URL and connect it to Datadog using the following steps:
    1. Add these fields to the Payload section:
        - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`
        - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`
        - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`
    2. Complete the integration by clicking Install Integration or Update Configuration.
```

> ### System Features
> 
> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-Time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.
> 
> ### Installing the Snap-in
> 
> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.
> 2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
> selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
> 3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
> **Connections** on top.
>     - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
>     **+ Connection**.
>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.
>     - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application
>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
### System features
```

> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.
> 2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
> selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
> 3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
> **Connections** on top.
>     - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
>     **+ Connection**.
>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.
>     - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application
>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the DevRev marketplace and install the Datadog snap-in.
2. Select your workspace for installation, then confirm your selection and deploy the snap-in.
3. In the DevRev app, configure the connection by navigating to Settings > Snap-ins > Connections.
    1. Search for an existing connection or create a new one.
    2. Select Datadog from the dropdown list.
    3. Enter a connection name and provide your Datadog API key, application key, and environment (prod/dev).
```

> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.
> 2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
> selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
> 3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
> **Connections** on top.
>     - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
>     **+ Connection**.
>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.
>     - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application
>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the DevRev marketplace and install the Datadog snap-in.
2. Select your workspace for installation, then confirm your selection and deploy the snap-in.
3. In the DevRev app, configure the connection by navigating to Settings > Snap-ins > Connections.
    1. Search for an existing connection or create a new one.
    2. Select Datadog from the dropdown list.
    3. Enter a connection name and provide your Datadog API key, application key, and environment (prod/dev).
```

> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.
> 2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
> selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
> 3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
> **Connections** on top.
>     - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
>     **+ Connection**.
>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.
>     - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application
>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the DevRev marketplace and install the Datadog snap-in.
2. Select your workspace for installation, then confirm your selection and deploy the snap-in.
3. In the DevRev app, configure the connection by navigating to Settings > Snap-ins > Connections.
    1. Search for an existing connection or create a new one.
    2. Select Datadog from the dropdown list.
    3. Enter a connection name and provide your Datadog API key, application key, and environment (prod/dev).
```

> ### Configuration

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure the integration
```

> ### Configuration

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure the integration
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in
> 
> 1. Open the DevRev marketplace and install the **Datadog** snap-in.
> 2. Select the dev org where you want to install the snap-in, confirm your
> selection, and click **Deploy snap-in**.
> 3. In DevRev app, setup the connection in **Settings** > **Snap-ins** >
> **Connections** on top.
>     - Search and choose an existing connection or create a new one by clicking
>     **+ Connection**.
>     - Select **Datadog** from the dropdown list.
>     - Give it a connection name and paste your Datadog **API Key**, **Application
>     Key** and **Environment**(prod/dev) in their respective fields.
> 
> ### Configuration
> 
> 1. Navigate to **Snap-ins** > **All Snap-ins** > **Datadog** > **Configure**.
> 2. Select the connection that you created in the **Connections** tab.
>     
>     This connection is necessary if you wish to bring stage and custom fields to DevRev.
>     
> 3. The default owner, part, and default severity value for incidents must be included.
> 4. Include the desired stage mapping from Datadog to DevRev.
> 5. Click **Save**

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

6. Click **Install**.
7. Copy the webhook URL and follow the below steps to connect it to Datadog via webhook integration.

>     1. Add the following payload in the **Payload** section.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
```

>     1. Add the following payload in the **Payload** section.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
- [Datadog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)
```

> 1. Navigate to **Snap-ins** > **All Snap-ins** > **Datadog** > **Configure**.
> 2. Select the connection that you created in the **Connections** tab.
>     
>     This connection is necessary if you wish to bring stage and custom fields to DevRev.
>     
> 3. The default owner, part, and default severity value for incidents must be included.
> 4. Include the desired stage mapping from Datadog to DevRev.
> 5. Click **Save**
> 6. Click **Install**.
> 7. Copy the webhook URL and follow the below steps to connect it to Datadog via webhook integration.
>     1. Add the following payload in the **Payload** section.
>         - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`.
>         - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`.
>         - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`.
>     2. Click **Install Integration** or **Update Configuration**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to Snap-ins > All snap-ins > Datadog > Configure.
2. Select your previously created connection from the Connections tab.
3. Configure the required default settings, including owner, part, and severity value for incidents.
4. Set up the desired stage mapping between Datadog and DevRev.
5. Save your configuration and click Install.
6. Copy the webhook URL and connect it to Datadog using the following steps:
    1. Add these fields to the Payload section:
        - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`
        - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`
        - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`
    2. Complete the integration by clicking Install Integration or Update Configuration.
```

> 1. Navigate to **Snap-ins** > **All Snap-ins** > **Datadog** > **Configure**.
> 2. Select the connection that you created in the **Connections** tab.
>     
>     This connection is necessary if you wish to bring stage and custom fields to DevRev.
>     
> 3. The default owner, part, and default severity value for incidents must be included.
> 4. Include the desired stage mapping from Datadog to DevRev.
> 5. Click **Save**
> 6. Click **Install**.
> 7. Copy the webhook URL and follow the below steps to connect it to Datadog via webhook integration.
>     1. Add the following payload in the **Payload** section.
>         - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`.
>         - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`.
>         - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`.
>     2. Click **Install Integration** or **Update Configuration**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to Snap-ins > All snap-ins > Datadog > Configure.
2. Select your previously created connection from the Connections tab.
3. Configure the required default settings, including owner, part, and severity value for incidents.
4. Set up the desired stage mapping between Datadog and DevRev.
5. Save your configuration and click Install.
6. Copy the webhook URL and connect it to Datadog using the following steps:
    1. Add these fields to the Payload section:
        - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`
        - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`
        - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`
    2. Complete the integration by clicking Install Integration or Update Configuration.
```

> 1. Navigate to **Snap-ins** > **All Snap-ins** > **Datadog** > **Configure**.
> 2. Select the connection that you created in the **Connections** tab.
>     
>     This connection is necessary if you wish to bring stage and custom fields to DevRev.
>     
> 3. The default owner, part, and default severity value for incidents must be included.
> 4. Include the desired stage mapping from Datadog to DevRev.
> 5. Click **Save**
> 6. Click **Install**.
> 7. Copy the webhook URL and follow the below steps to connect it to Datadog via webhook integration.
>     1. Add the following payload in the **Payload** section.
>         - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`.
>         - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`.
>         - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`.
>     2. Click **Install Integration** or **Update Configuration**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to Snap-ins > All snap-ins > Datadog > Configure.
2. Select your previously created connection from the Connections tab.
3. Configure the required default settings, including owner, part, and severity value for incidents.
4. Set up the desired stage mapping between Datadog and DevRev.
5. Save your configuration and click Install.
6. Copy the webhook URL and connect it to Datadog using the following steps:
    1. Add these fields to the Payload section:
        - `"aggreg_key": "$AGGREG_KEY"`
        - `"alert_metric": "$ALERT_METRIC"`
        - `"alert_query": "$ALERT_QUERY"`
    2. Complete the integration by clicking Install Integration or Update Configuration.
```

### References

> - [DataDog Devrev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
> - [DataDog DevRev snapin documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
> - [DataDog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
- [Datadog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)
```

> - [DataDog Devrev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
> - [DataDog DevRev snapin documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
> - [DataDog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
- [Datadog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)
```

> - [DataDog Devrev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
> - [DataDog DevRev snapin documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
> - [DataDog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in marketplace listing](https://marketplace.devrev.ai/datadog-snapin)
- [Datadog DevRev snap-in documentation](https://devrev.ai/docs/integrations/datadog)
- [Datadog API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/)
```
